*Reading Notes*

# VIDEO AND AUDIO CONTENT

**SRC**

In the same way as for the < img > element, the src (source) attribute contains a path to the video you want to embed. It works in exactly the same way.

**CONTROLS**

You must either use the controls attribute to include the browser's own control interface, or build your interface using the appropriate JavaScript API. At a minimum, the interface must include a way to start and stop the media, and to adjust the volume.

**VIDEO**

This is called *fallback content* — this will be displayed if the browser accessing the page doesn't support the <video> element, allowing us to provide a fallback for older browsers. This can be anything you like; in this case, we've provided a direct link to the video file, so the user can at least access it some way regardless of what browser they are using.
  
# GUIDE TO GRID
  
The basic difference between CSS Grid Layout and CSS Flexbox Layout is that flexbox was designed for layout in one dimension - either a row or a column. Grid was designed for two-dimensional layout - rows, and columns at the same time.
  
**GRID CONTAINER**
  
The element on which display: grid is applied. It’s the direct parent of all the grid items. In this example container is the grid container.
  
**GRID ITEM**
  
A grid item is a child element that is present inside a grid container.
  
**GRID LINE**
  
Grid lines are created when you define tracks in the explicit grid using CSS Grid Layout.
  
**RESPONSIVE IMAGES**

The *img element* has two required attributes: src : The source location ( URL ) of the image file. alt : The alternate text. This is used to describe the image for someone who cannot see it because they are either using a screen reader or the image src is missing.
  
The *srcset* attribute specifies the URL of the image to use in different situations. This attribute is required when <source> is used in < picture > .

The *size attribute* defines the width of the <input> and the height of the < select > element. For the input , if the type attribute is text or password then it's the number of characters. This must be an integer value 0 or higher.
  
## Things I want to know more about
Is this going to be bigger than last weeks lab?? im excited. 

