*Reading Notes*

**JAVASCRIPT CODES**

HTML5 features the < canvas > element that allows you to draw 2D graphics using JavaScript.

The < canvas > element requires at least two attributes: width and height that specify the size of the canvas:

Unlike the < img > element, The < canvas > element requires the closing tag < / canvas >. Any content between the opening and closing tags is fallback content that will display only if the browser doesn’t support the < canvas > element.

The < canvas > element features the getContext() method that returns a render context object.

The getContext ( ) takes one argument which is the type of context. For example, you use the " 2d " to get a 2D rendering context object, which is an instance of the CanvasRenderingContext2D interface.

**CHART.JS**

Chart.js provides a set of frequently used chart types, plugins, and customization options. In addition to a reasonable set of built-in chart types, you can use additional community-maintained chart types . On top of that, it’s possible to combine several chart types into a mixed chart (essentially, blending multiple chart types into one on the same canvas). LIBRARY OF CODE.

Chart.js is highly customizable with custom plugins to create annotations, zoom, or drag-and-drop functionalities to name a few things

**CHART.JS TYPES**

Scatter Plot.
Line Chart.
Bar Chart.
Pie Chart.
Donut Chart.
Bubble Chart.
Area Chart.
Radar Chart.

Charts are far better for displaying data visually than tables and have the added benefit that no one is ever going to press-gang them into use as a layout tool. 

## THINGS I WANT TO KNOW
Nothing at this time
